---
layout: post
title: 'Home'
tags: [home]
description: >
  
---

* [Click here to download a PDF version](/website/sander/CV_SanderBeckers.pdf)

### Extending Causal Models

Causal models have emerged as a systematic framework for formally representing causal relations. This framework has taken up a central role in both the scientific as well as the philosophical study of causation and its many related notions. This conference will bring together experts on causal modeling who are exploring ways to go beyond the standard causal models as they were first introduced, with an aim to gaining a better understanding of the technical and philosophical challenges involved in such generalizations. 

In particular, we aim to create a conversation between two communities who have thus far worked in relative isolation. On the one hand, there is a substantial research community in Artificial Intelligence that has continued developing the causal modeling framework. A recent trend within these developments has been to study non-standard properties or applications of causal models, such as extending causal models with logical relations, comparing causal models that represent the world at different levels of abstraction, using causal models to compactly represent dynamical systems, and many more. On the other hand, over the past years philosophers have been increasingly using causal models in order to clarify and longstanding debates on a range of crucial issues, e.g., mental causation in a physical universe, supervenience and levels in science, metaphysical grounding, moral responsibility and alternative possibilities, theories of consciousness, etc. The common thread to both of these projects is that they both require one to apply causal models beyond their original domain of applications, in ways that often require models with both causal and non-causal relationships. 

We invite submissions from both philosophers and computer scientists (as well as from other relevant disciplines, e.g, psychology, physics, …). We hope that bringing these communities together will lead the conference participants to gain a more systematic and general understanding of the challenges related to generalizing causal models. We also welcome submissions that are skeptical of attempts at extending causal models or applying them to philosophical issues. Broadly, any submission on a topic related to expanding causal models, whether through generalizing their expressive power or applying them to novel systems would be pertinent to the conference theme.

***

### Contact

E-mail: <a href="mailto:srekcebrednas@gmail.com?Subject=Job%20Offer%20from%20[Fill%20in%20your%20prestigious%20university]" target="_top">srekcebrednas@gmail.com</a>

***

### Employment

* 2019-2021
	*  Humboldt Postdoctoral scholar (supervisor: Stephan Hartmann)  
	Munich Center for Mathematical Philosophy, LMU

* 2010-2011    
	* Researcher at University of Leuven, EAVISE research group    
	[_Project: S.O.S. OpenCL: Multicore Cooking_](http://www.eavise.be/projects.php#sos_opencl)  
 
